It was deep into the [[Cycle of Ash]] and the [[Springer]] crew was enjoying a well earned rest after returning from a recent job outside the [[Forge of Creation]]. [[Click]] was busy examining a new lock he had found during the mission, [[Radio]] was deep in her books she had ordered delivered from the [[Librarians]] and [[Shift]] was locked in a conversation with [[Ghost]] about the intricacies of having to breathe. All while [[Rast]], the owner and barkeep of [[The Pink Sprocket]] was providing drinks and stories he had heard from the comers and goers.

The Crew was tasked with keeping watch over the entrance to [[The Undertunnels]] in [[The Pink Sprocket]], a job they had been used to already and that was part of their rotation of tasks when they were back at base. [[Ghost]], sat with his back towards the bar, was keeping an eye on anyone who enters, and [[Shift]], facing him, was watching those that sat at the bar or came downstairs from their rooms.

An uneventful day, as many others had been before and many more were yet to come, as the Cycle made [[The Borderline]] unpleasant to be in for the breathing types. This did also mean that anyone that came into the inn had their hoods up and could be distinguished only by their stature or gait, so relaxation, even a little bit, was out of the question. This did put the Crew on edge, which [[Radio]] was doing her best to keep under check by second guessing each and every shady person that either [[Ghost]] or [[Shift]] pointed out to her.

That was until the door to the inn swung open to reveal a stocky dwarven fellow. His hood down, hair and beard covered in the falling ash and, most strikingly, wearing the colours of the [[Magisters]] under his travel cloak. The crew watched with baited breath as the dwarf magister made his way over to [[Rast]] at the bar, discussed something and then had them pointed out to the dwarf by the innkeep.

The Dwarf introduced himself as Karem Ironspark and said that he was sent here by [[The Silence]] himself to look for the [[Springer]] crew. He had a job - something to rescue. Not a person, to which the crew had been used to, but research. An upstart organisation within the Forge called [[Order of the Outstretched Mind]] has recently raided the Magisters and stolen encrypted and magically sealed documents. On what, Karem refused to elaborate, only that it was imperative that the researched did not remain with the Order.

((The order of events after is "Gather information", "Get into the place where the order is" and "Get captured". After which, Ghost is threatened with either subservience or the ones that were captured from his crew die. Shift managed to escape, but the fate of Click and Radio is unknown))

